Your Policy Extraordinary Set
If you can beyond the strass
Protect the words of your mother
It is duty to not wave the vulture
Likewise
Mind you,
it's fate
that has香港 in order
I've heard it
I remember it with my own mouth.
I have a bug in my house.
Hmm.
A bug in your house?
No, nothing else.
I've never heard of a bug before.
I want to play a little here.
Mr. Chika.
That's not good.
Not good.
This is not good.
Ohh.
Go, get something Ell modern day level.
Spread your wings on the ship.
news of this entirety of the east sea,
Why send us like this distinguish No company
Both the clothes and the
goods It's okay
Whose blood?
Listen carefully to how I leave my words outę
And right then you'll strut on
You can?
Yes
Ok
May I then accept
That you're not amongst us.
Why would you marry a stranger?
As an entertainer?
He pays a note to the plate in front of him.
Let's strike again,
shall we?
Yeah